---
layout: post
title:  "Hummus"
author: kaukapakapa
categories: [ recipes ]
tags: [ chickpea, gf, vegan, vegetarian ]
image: assets/images/kaukapakapa/hummus-1.webp
featured: false
hidden: false
rating: 5
---

## Ingredients

* 500 g prepared chickpeas or 2 cans of  chickpeas, drained (reserve fluid)
* 50 ml olive oil
* 4 garlic cloves
* 5 g Cumin seed, finely chopped (2 tsp)
* 5 g Salt (1 tsp)
* 50 ml lemon juice (1 lemon)
* 2 g Paprika, smoked, hot (1 tsp)
* 1 g Ground pepper (½ tsp)

## Method

Blend the chickpeas with 20 mls of reserved fluid, olive oil, prepared garlic cloves, cumin seed and salt in a strong food processor until mashed. This should take a minute. Then refrigerate the processor bowl and contents for at least two hours

Remove the bowl from the refrigerator and process for one or two minutes more until a smooth paste is formed, or to the desired texture. Add small amounts of extra chickpea fluid to make the consistency softer. If after two minutes of processing it has not yet gone smooth, repeat the refrigeration step, and process again

Add the lemon juice,  paprika, and pepper and blend until mixed

Refrigerate for at least 12 hours before serving

## Notes

Preparing garlic: microwave the unpeeled and un-cut garlic cloves for 10 to 15 seconds. Place cloves on a cutting board, and press down with a flat object or the flat of a chef knife. The cloves will now easily pop out of their skins, and be soft to cut

Chop cumin seed with a knife on a chopping board by using a small amount of oil to stop the cumin seeds bouncing away

## Options

Make a deeper flavour: Before processing the chickpeas, use a large saucepan or large fry pan with high sides and add a small amount of peanut or neutral oil, and heat on medium, add the fully drained chickpeas and let them slowly fry. Swirl or gently shake the pan to rotate the chickpeas so they don't burn. Spend 10 to 15 minutes frying until chickpeas have turned a slightly darker shade of brown. Pour out all chickpeas into bowl and let cool
