---
layout: post
title:  "Week 45 Plan"
date:   2019-11-04 19:45:00 +0530
categories: [journey]
tags : [journey]
image : assets/images/week45.jpg
---

I had specific goals for last week i.e. 44. 

1. Recruit people for Empathy phase
2. Redesign this blog
3. Blogging - What and Why of UX Design.

I have recruited three out of 5 people for Empathy phase, redesigning of the blog is done and task# 3 spilt over to this week and I finished writing the blog post.  

What's up for Week # 45.

1. Interviews and Probing kit assessment
2. Blogging 

At this moment, I am clear what needs to be done for Interviews and handing over the probing kit.  I guess probing kit will spill to next week.  The last blog post which was about UX Design for business went very well.  Probably I should do a video about it in future.  

If I have to write the next part about it than it should be: How to Start with User Experience.  At this moment I don't have clarity on what would be the title of the blog post.   The idea is if anyone has understood my first post then it should guide them to UX process in the next post.  Here is the outline I can think of:

1. Start with connection to the previous blog post 
2. What is the UX Design process
3. Can you fail in the UX Design process

The idea behind writing is that I can think my service offering from a customer 's point of view.  Why will a customer invest in UX design process? What if the UX design process fail? 

Questions like these should help me craft out my next blog post. For week # 45 My Primary goal will be to focus on Empathy phase and if there is a remaining time than secondary goal i.e. blog post on UX Design Process.  