---
layout: post
title:  "Moving to Greenage? Start here."
author: Admin
categories: [movements]
image: assets/images/greenagepic1.jpg
featured: true
hidden: true
comments: false
---

<p>Welcome to Greenage ! We will be glad to have you here in our community.</p>

<p>This is a short note to help you get off to a smooth start. You can access all the key documents needed for your move-in and to settle in Greenage, <a target="_blank" href="https://bit.ly/greenage-info">here</a>.</p>

#### Complete the Move-in process
You must <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/movein/"> complete the move-in process</a> at least one day before you plan to move-in to Greenage

#### Register on Apnacomplex and MyGate
<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/registration/">Registration on Apnacomplex and MyGate</a> is mandatory. 

Greenage uses ‘ApnaComplex’ as an apartment management solution. All <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/dues/">invoices and payments</a>, official communication, documents and complaints are through Apnacomplex.  

We also use the ‘MyGate’ app for visitor management. Visitors and daily helps will require approval through this app for gaining entry to the complex. 

#### Register your vehicles and get a sticker
All your vehicles with a valid parking lot <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/stickers/"> must have a Greenage issued sticker</a>. Visit the GOA office to get one. 

#### Read the Resident  Code of Conduct
Make yourself familiar with the <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/coc/">rules and regulations</a> governing this community. Penalties will apply for violations. 

#### Set-up your Utilities
Piped gas connection will be available when you move-in. If not, contact GOA office. Multiple service providers are available for <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/internet/">broadband, TV and phone connections.</a> 

#### Join the Community Forums
Join our forums to make your integration into the community easier. Head to the community forum on Apnacomplex to take part in the lively discussions and get the important updates. Join Greenage Broadcast channel on Telegram for getting all the key updates. All the blocks have seperate Whatsapp/Telegram groups. Join them to get to know your neighbours better.

#### Paying your bills
You can <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/dues/"> pay the dues </a> for maintenance, gas and other services through different payment channels. Late payments <a target="_blank" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ao0VQjafsTa7Ckv9gibEmt5gfRe0vBlN/view?usp=sharing">attract interest and will lead to withdrawal of maintenance services</a>. Pay attention to the due dates on the invoices.
