---
layout: post
title:  "COVID Pre-Cautions, Testing and Containment Procedures for Greenage"
author: Admin
categories: [Info]
image: assets/images/greenagepic19.jpg
featured: true
hidden: true
comments: false
---

This page contains all the necessary information required for residents of Greenage related to the pre-cautions to be taken and the procedure to be followed in case of COVID-like symptoms or when tested positive.

- <a href="#symptoms">Quarantine procedure for residents having COVID like symptoms</a>
- <a href="#positive">Quarantine procedure for residents tested COVID positive</a>
- <a href="#testing">Greenage Contacts for COVID Testing from private labs and BBMP</a>
- <a href="#info">Important COVID-19 information for Greenagians</a>

##### <a name="symptoms"></a>Quarantine procedure for residents having COVID like symptoms

1. If any resident  is having COVID like symptoms, he/she should self declare the condition to GOA and also immediately call Karnataka Helpline numbers. 

2. All visitors including daily helps and personal drivers must be avoided

3. The resident shall immediately arrange for COVID test to be done preferably at home 

4. The resident and their family must self quarantine until the results are negative.

##### <a name="positive"></a>Quarantine procedure for residents tested COVID positive

1. Please inform block GOA member immediately. COVID patients will need to join a homecare quarantine group on Whatsapp to provide them with better support. You need to <a target="_blank" href="https://bit.ly/Greenage-COVID-contact-tracing-form"> fill-in the contact tracing form</a>  to identify the primary contacts.

2. The patient will home quarantine in case of mild symptoms or in asymptomatic cases. The ‘containment area’ will be the apartment where there is a positive case. All the residents of the apartment must stay inside and shall not exit the flat. 

3. If the patient is being shifted to a designated COVID treatment hospital or needs to undergo medical check-up, GOA will provide the necessary support during the Ambulance pick-up. The lifts and the floor of the affected apartment, will be sanitized after the patient leaves for the hospital. 

4. All primary contacts and their families in Greenage, must self quarantine after they have been informed. The primary contacts must get COVID tested as per the guidelines from the government. They should also inform the secondary contacts who they had come in contact with. 

5. Daily helps and personal drivers employed by the apartments in ‘containment area’ will be de-tagged in myGate and will be asked not to enter the premises until the quarantine period ends

6. All groceries and essential items can be ordered to deliver to the apartment under quarantine.  Residents must not open the door to collect the delivered items, but wait until the delivery person notifies the flat that he/she has left the area. Please seek support from the facilities team if needed.

7. All the waste generated from the containment area will be treated as bio medical waste. The cleaning and waste collection by the housekeeping staff will happen at regular timings 

8. Only emergency maintenance complaints like gas leaks will be handled with adequate precautions. 

9. The containment area will be released after the 14 day quarantine period is complete or when residents obtain a COVID negative report, whichever is earlier. The entire area will be deep cleaned and fumigated prior to opening up

Please contact salarpuria-greenage+health@apnacomplex.com for any questions


##### <a name="testing"></a>Greenage Contacts for COVID Testing

Apollo Clinic
Contacts: 9121065804 / 9845879244 / 9742383550

Family Clinic
Contacts: 9686988400 

Metropolis
Contacts : 7349314228 

BBMP organizes COVID testing camps periodically for Greenage (near the back gate area). Communication will be sent a day before the camp. Contact of BBMP Health inspector for Bommanahalli is 9480685330

##### <a name="info"></a>Important COVID-19 information for Greenagians


<p> <a target="_blank" href="https://bit.ly/Greenage-COVID-contact-tracing-form"> Contact tracing form</a> (mandatory to fill-in for COVID positive cases)</p>

<p>
<a target="_blank" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Kz4h38jbOXot4my3nqRcampDCqjoKue2/view?usp=sharing"> COVID Handbook for Greenagians</a> (by a Greenage Resident)</p>

<p><a target="_blank" href="https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1qs7xTOzLIgwTtUf4bVYy3N0MptXZvMGh"> Home Isolation Guidelines for COVID Positive Casess</a></p> 
<p>
<a target="_blank" href="https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1qs7xTOzLIgwTtUf4bVYy3N0MptXZvMGh"> COVID Treatment - List of Hospitals</a> 
</p>

