---
layout: post
title:  "Resident Code of Conduct - Dos and Donts"
author: Admin
categories: [policies]
image: assets/images/greenagepic13.jpg
featured: true
hidden: true
comments: false
---

If you are new to Greenage, or in doubt about what is the right thing to do, please make time to <a target="_blank" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oeAYJqgulc5ufhW8nCLxAJVAGfeJNsqb/view?usp=sharing">read the Resident Code of Conduct.</a>

Here is a simple list of Dos and Donts for us to keep Greenage a better place to live in. This is by no means comprehensive and only serves as a quick reference. Please refer to the code of conduct for all the rules and regulations. 


- <a href="#env">Care for the Environment and Neighbours</a>
- <a href="#park">Vehicles, Speed Limits and Parking
- <a href="#common">Usage of Common Areas
- <a href="#safe">Safety and Security of our Community
- <a href="#pets">Pets
- <a href="#games">Sports, Games and Clubhouse
- <a href="#move">Interiors and Move in/outs
- <a href="#forums">Communications and forums

### <a name="env"></a>Care for the Environment and Neighbours

##### Dos 
- You must segregate Wet, Dry, Reject and e-Waste as per the law and only use newspaper liners in the bins. Please see the <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/segregation">segregation guidelines here</a>
- Please take care to ensure you maintain the flat well and there is no damage caused to neighbouring flats or common areas due to negligence
- Please take care to ensure there is no excessive noise from your flat that is causing disturbance. Follow the timings allowed when you are doing <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/interiors">interiors or renovations</a>.  Any such excessive disturbance to neighbours in the night (11PM - 6AM) will be liable to penalties
- <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/dues">Pay your bills on time</a> to avoid interest, penalties and disconnection of services

##### Donts 
- Disposing waste or littering in common areas is prohibited. Avoid throwing trash into toilets
- Avoid plucking of flowers and walking on lawns in the gardens
- Do not throw any objects from the windows or balconies. Injuries due to such incidents can lead to penalties and legal action


### <a name="park"></a>Vehicles, Speed Limits and Parking

##### Dos
- It is must for all residents to <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/stickers">get a vehicle identification sticker</a> for their 4-wheeler and 2-wheelers. No exceptions. 
- <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/visitor">Visitors must only park their vehicles in the Visitor Parking spots</a> in Greenage. For visitor parking overnight or for extended period, contact GOA office
- Adhere to speed limit of 20 km/hour across Greenage
- Follow the traffic signs and one-way restrictions

##### Donts
- Do not drive in banned spaces or pedestrian paths
- No honking in Greenage. It is a silent zone
- Do not park in any common areas in Greenage, other than designated parking spots 
- Non-resident vehicles of any kind, unless permitted by GOA, are not allowed to enter residential parking areas. Likewise, resident vehicles must not be parked in visitor parking spots.
- Do not use parking areas for any purpose other than parking of motorable 4-wheeler or 2-wheeler. Storage of personal goods in parking spots is not allowed


### <a name="common"></a>Usage of Common Areas

##### Dos
- Use only the designated areas for sports and playing. Other common areas shall not be used
- Keep the lifts and other common areas clean. Avoid littering, spitting or mutilation anywhere in Greenage
- Only use service lifts for carrying heavy objects. Interior and move/in and out personnel must only use the service lifts 

##### Donts
- Do not place any furniture or other personal objects in lobbies and other common areas
- Feeding of stray dogs and birds inside Greenage is discouraged
- Do not use common areas for family events. 
- No graffiti or scribbling in common areas
- No fixtures or projections into the common areas or disfigurements of external walls. There must not be any changes to the facade of the building
- No Smoking or Alcohol in common areas


### <a name="safe"></a>Safety and Security of our Community

##### Dos

- Please ensure your visitors are properly authorized by you, before they enter Greenage. All visitors must comply with Greenage Resident Code of Conduct. The onus is on the hosts to ensure this.
- Report any suspicious persons or unauthorized entries to Security immediately
- Inform the Estate Manager  with your contact details, if your flat will be unoccupied for more than a week. It is advisable to leave a key with neighbours to avoid any forced access to your apartment. Please close all water, power and gas valves to avoid leakages and potential penalties due to damages to other flats
- Report any safety hazards and security incidents immediately. Report to the facility team if your smoke detectors are not operational

##### Donts
- Do not encourage or allow unauthorized vendors or daily helps to the flats. All vendors and daily helps must register with GOA
- Do not employ black listed daily helps. Check with estate manager when in doubt
- Do not encourage or allow daily helps to stay beyond the employment hours. Instruct the daily helps not to bring any unauthorized items (including gutka, paan) to Greenage


### <a name="pets"></a>Pets

##### Dos

- Follow the municipal laws and other regulations including SPCA
- Please ensure you <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/pets">fill in the pet registration form online</a> or in the GOA office
- Please take your Pet ONLY to the designated areas
- Have a leash on the pet
- Pick up after your pet and trash in the designated bins. You must carry the bags and other required items with you
- Ensure your pet is given the necessary vaccinations
- Please use service lifts and ensure your pets or on tight leash while exiting or entering lifts. Ask permission of the passengers in the lift, if it is occupied

##### Donts

- Please ensure your pets are not allowed to play on the lawns or other common areas in Greenage. (except the designated play area). They should not be allowed to dig the grass
- Please DO NOT let your Pets pee or poop in any of the common areas in Greenage, including the lawns
- DO NOT use common areas for pet grooming
- In the Pet Play Zone, Pet owners are advised to strictly adhere to guidelines and minimize the noise in that area



### <a name="games"></a>Sports, Games and Clubhouse

##### Dos

- Children, must be accompanied by adults, when entering the adults’ areas of the Swimming pools
- Ensure you wear the dress code applicable to the sports and gaming facilities you are using e.g. swimming gear in the pool, gym attire and shoes etc.
- Sports areas must be used only for that specific sport, unless there is any exception approval from GOA

##### Donts

- Visitors do not have access to the usage of facilities, unless the host takes prior permission
- Do not take pets into restricted sports and games facilities. Pets are not allowed into the clubhouse


### <a name="move"></a>Interiors and Move in/outs

##### Dos

- Owners wanting to sell their flats are <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/secondsale">required to obtain an ​NOC</a> ​to the effect that they have cleared all dues payable to GOA
- ​Interior work must be carried out only with prior consent from GOA. You must give an undertaking that <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/interiors">rules and regulation related for interior works</a> will be followed, before being given permission. 
- Inform GOA office once the interior works are completed
- <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/categories#Moving-in-or-out">Move in/out and transfers will need prior approval</a> from GOA to allow truck movement and registration

##### Donts

- No structural alteration (such as breaking of walls), changes to the layout of the apartment or changes to the exterior appearance of the apartments (such as changing of balcony grills, windows or doors) is allowed.
- No work should be carried out in common areas during interiors/renovation. No debris should be left in the common areas during or after the completion of the work
- No interior work should be carried out outside the allowed hours (9-6PM) or on Sundays/Publich holidays. Drilling is not allowed between 1-4PM.

### <a name="forums"></a> Communications and forums

##### Dos

- Please Treat ALL Residents who are in the forums with Respect and Courtesy
- It is mandatory for all members to post in designated forum groups for each topic. Posts to wrong form groups could be rejected

##### Donts

- Do not threaten or harass the moderators of the forums
- Do not be threatening or disrespectful to other members in the groups. Members indulging in personal attacks will be banned from the forums
- ​Do not post any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, porn, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable in the posts/threads.

GOA office contacts (9.30AM to 1.30PM and 2.30 to 6PM):    
salarpuria-greenage+goaoffice@apnacomplex.com.    
Phone : 080-40984649. Intercom: 111120    

