---
layout: post
title:  "Greenage Library Test Page"
author: Admin
categories: [amenities]
image: assets/images/greenagepic29.png
featured: false
hidden: true
comments: false
---

The Greenage Library, located in Juniper block, boasts of about 3500 books in fiction, non-fiction and children books as well as a stock of technical materials.
There are English & regional language newspapers and magazines for business, current affairs and lifestyle.  

This is a community initiative to manage and expand the library as we go. 

##### The Collection in the Library

<a target="_blank" href="https://www.libib.com/u/greenage" class="btn btn-success">Browse the 2000+ Book Catalog of Greenage Library</a> 

**Newspapers**  
Times of India (English), Economic Times (English), Rajasthan Patrika (Hindi),Eenadu (Telugu), Vijayavani (Kannada), Dhinathanti (Tamil), Malayala Manorama (Malayalam).

**Magazines**  
National Geographic for Kids, The Economist, Outlook Money, Reader's Digest, Woman's Era, The Week, India Today English, Champak English. 

##### Opening Hours

Library is open from 8AM - 1PM and 4PM - 9PM, on six days in a week. <mark>Library is closed on Monday for restocking and cataloguing of books.</mark> 

##### Library Contacts

Intercom : 333330  
library@greenage.life


##### Reading in Library

All Residents can visit the library to read news papers, magazines or our large collection of fiction, non-fiction and children books. There is no subscription required for reading in the library.
Please keep the books and other material back in the place from where you picked it up from. Children below 7 years must be accompanied by a parent.

##### Borrowing Books

You can borrow books by taking a subscription. These funds will help in growing the collection of books in the library which will help all residents.  

- The subscription for the Library can be taken by paying &#8377;500 non-refundable deposit and &#8377;100 subscription fees per month payable quarterly/half-yearly/yearly (non-refundable). 

- The subscription is for the flat and any resident of that flat can borrow by showing the library card. To avoid misuse, librarian may also randomly check myGate ID on the phone. 

- You can borrow 2 books at any time. Books borrowed must be returned in 2 weeks  

- Books not returned beyond the due date will carry a penalty of &#8377;20 per book per week. 

- Books must be returned in the original condition. Torn pages/cover or scribbilings can carry a penalty of upto 60% of the value of the book

- If a book is lost the cost of replacement need to be borne by the subscriber and additional fees of &#8377;50.


##### Library Etiquette

- Kindly replace the books in the same shelf that it is taken from

- Please make sure books are returned in good condition

- Eatables are not allowed inside the library

- Children below 6 years of age must be accompanied by an adult to borrow books

- Please maintain absolute silence in the library
