---
layout: post
title:  "Move-in process in Greenage"
author: Admin
categories: [movements]
image: assets/images/greenagepic7.jpg
comments: false
---

Move-in process must be completed a day before the move-in.  

**All outstanding dues must be cleared before move-in.**  

Please note that truck movements are only allowed between 9.30AM and 6.30PM.  

<a target="_blank" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1kQPqDrCo1iCklCM6XU6luaVg1izZpx-D/view?usp=sharing"> Download</a> the move-in form or collect it from the GOA office in Alpine Block.


##### Owner moving in:  

Owner to submit the following documents to GOA office: 
- Completed move-in form 
- Copy of Sale Deed
- Photograph & ID Proof of all adult residents
- Vaccination records for pets (if applicable)
- In case of secondary buyer of the property, NOC from GOA issued to seller 

Family members (siblings/parents) moving in, without the owner residing in Greenage, is considered an owner move-in.  Owner to send an email from registered ID in Apnacomplex about the family move-in

Pay Move-in charges of Rs. 2500. Please scroll down to the bottom of the page for next steps.

##### Tenant moving in: 

Owner to send lease agreement to GOA office from registered email ID in Apnacomplex 

Tenant to submit the following documents to GOA office: 
- Completed move-in form 
- Lease Agreement
- Photograph & ID Proof of all adult residents
- Vaccination records for pets (if applicable)

Pay Move-In charges of Rs. 2500. Please scroll down to the bottom of the page for next steps.

##### Single tenant moving into a multi-tenant flat (flat already occupied by other tenants)

Owner to send updated lease agreement to GOA office from registered email ID in Apnacomplex 

Tenant to submit the following documents to GOA office: 
- Updated Lease Agreement
- ID Proof of resident
- Vaccination records for pets (if applicable)

Pay Move-In charge of Rs. 2500. 

##### Next steps after the move-in charges are paid

Collect receipt and security pass to allow entry of packers & movers

GOA office will share Welcome docket to the email mentioned in the move-in form

It is mandatory <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/registration/">to register on Apnacomplex first, followed by MyGate</a>. You can <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/stickers/"> collect parking stickers</a> from GOA office for your vehicle. 

**Important:** Penalty will be levied for unauthorized move-in, detected after the flat has been occupied. 

GOA office contacts - 9.30AM - 1.30PM and 2.30PM - 6.00PM.  salarpuria-greenage+goaoffice@apnacomplex.com.  
Phone : 080-40984649.  
