---
layout: post
title:  "For Pet lovers"
author: Admin
categories: [policies]
image: assets/images/greenagepic11.jpg
comments: false
---

<a target="_blank" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GKrEUiCd7ixQuTy2KaV7QanZX0AlYCp-/view?usp=sharing"> Greenage Pet policy </a> has been drawn in line with the guidelines of Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) and the local civic authorities. If you are bringing a pet to Greenage, or own one, please ensure you follow the guidelines in the policy. 

Pets covered under the policy are domesticated animals and exotic birds etc. owned by the residents. No other animal or any species of reptile is considered as a pet by the Greenage Owners Association and shall not be brought inside the premises. Animals of vicious or aggressive disposition who may be potentially harmful for the safety and life of the community are prohibited.

If you are bringing a pet into Greenage, or have not registered your pet with GOA yet, plesae ensure you fill-in the <a target="_blank" href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScI9QIqE-JX76vv265dNs-tRm792zRfxaawKpNW1d_WysYRJA/viewform"> pet regsitration form</a> and register your pet first. You can also fill-up the form in GOA office. 

A temporary Pet Play area has been provided near the children's park between Ebony and Deodar blocks. 

Do’s
1. Please ensure you fill in the <a target="_blank" href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScI9QIqE-JX76vv265dNs-tRm792zRfxaawKpNW1d_WysYRJA/viewform"> pet regsitration form</a> online or in the GOA office 
2. Please take your Pet ONLY to the designated areas 
3. Have a leash on the pet  
4. Pick up after your pet and trash in the designated bins. You must carry the bags and other required items with you 
5. Ensure your pet is given  the necessary vaccinations  

 
Don'ts
1. Please ensure your pets are not allowed to play on the lawns or other common areas in Greenage. (except the designated play area). They should not be allowed to dig the grass 
2. Please DO NOT let your Pets pee or poop in any of the common areas in Greenage, including the lawns 
3. DO NOT use common areas for pet grooming
4. In the Pet Play Zone, Pet owners are advised to strictly adhere to guidelines and minimize the noise in that area


GOA office contacts (9.30AM to 1.30PM and 2.30 to 6PM)    
salarpuria-greenage+goaoffice@apnacomplex.com.    
Phone : 080-40984649. Intercom: 111120    

