---
layout: post
title:  "Dos and Donts for Commercial Areas"
author: Admin
categories: [policies]
image: assets/images/greenagepic20.jpg
featured: false
hidden: false
comments: false
---

This page containts the policy that will uniformly apply to all commercial areas for promoting a convenient and sustainable commercial space in our community. 

- <a href="#HK">Environment, Housekeeping & Waste Management</a>
- <a href="#positive">Utilities and Fire Safety</a>
- <a href="#security">Greenage Contacts for COVID Testing from private labs and BBMP</a>


##### <a name="HK"></a>Environment, Housekeeping & Waste Management

###### Dos

1. Please follow BBMP rules on solid waste management. Waste must be segregated into wet, dry & reject waste and handed over to the facility housekeeping staff daily. Debris and large cartons must be cleared by the establishments directly.

2. Common areas including walls, floors and roofs must be kept free of stains at all times. GOA reserves the right to arrange for cleaning at the expense of the commercial establishments.

3. Employees must adhere to all the rules that are applicable to residents, while they are in the complex. Fines can be levied as per resident code of conduct. Please see annexure for link to resident COC.

###### Donts

1. No objects or equipment should  be kept  in the common areas. No part of the common area should be used for commercial purposes.

2. No promotional material or other projections are allowed in the common areas (including walls and roof) without approval from GOA. 

3. Such material can be removed at the expense of the establishments. Only exception is the area  in front of the shop entrance. 

4. No plastic bags should  be used for any purpose. Commercial establishments must adhere to government regulations on environment & sustainability at all times

5. No eatables should be served in the common areas or allowed to be taken into the common areas, unless they are  packed for delivery or take-away.


##### <a name="utilities"></a>Utilities and Fire Safety

###### Dos

1. Commercial meters must be obtained from the relevant authorities, within 4 weeks.  GOA can disconnect any power sources connected to common area power

2. Portable fire extinguishers must be procured and installed at appropriate points

3. Approach GOA for DG back-up connection with the details of the load requirements Connection will be based on feasibility. DG meters must be installed by the establishments

###### Donts

1. No fire sensors should be obstructed 

2. No exhaust should be let directly into common areas. If no other option exists, camouflaged exhaust (with decorative louvres) can be installed, with prior permission from GOA


##### <a name="security"></a>Security, Parking and Traffic Management

###### Dos

1. Approach GOA to create MyGate profile and to register your employees. All vehicles and employees must show their myGate digital code while entering the premises

2. Visitor parking spaces should be used only for short term parking needs and to load/unload goods

3. Any vehicles for internal usage within Greenage (e.g. delivery bikes) must be brought in after a suitable parking space is identified and approved by GOA

4. All vehicles must follow the speed limit of 20 kmph. Fines apply.

5. Commercial areas  must work with GOA to have no-parking signage around their space

###### Donts

1. Pre-designated parking spaces with stickers (including residential parking lots)  should not be used, unless the parking spaces are purchased by the commercial owner.

2. No external customers are allowed entry into the complex due to security reasons


###### Resident Code of Conduct

<p>
<a target="_blank" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oeAYJqgulc5ufhW8nCLxAJVAGfeJNsqb/view?usp=sharing">Resident Code of Conduct</a>
</p>
