---
layout: post
title:  "Internal Movement within Greenage"
author: Admin
categories: [movements]
image: assets/images/greenagepic10.jpg
comments: false
---

Move-in and Move-out process must be completed a day before the date of actual movement.

**All outstanding dues against the flat must be cleared before internal movement.**  

Please note that truck movements are only allowed between 9.30AM and 6.30PM. 

Please ensure that the dues shown against the flat are cleared well in advance.  <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/dues/">Settling the accounts</a> by credit/debit card in GOA office will attract bank fees.  

<a target="_blank" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nOXS8V3wUE-gkKrS7Kpt1Zjab2gZIXZB/view?usp=sharing"> Download</a> the internal movement form or collect it from the GOA office in Alpine Block.

##### Owner Transfer within Greenage:

1. Owner to submit the following documents to GOA office
* Completed Internal movement form 
* Copy of Sale Deed for new flat (for moving in as tenant please refer 3B)
2. Pay transfer charges of Rs. 2500. Collect receipt and security pass for entry of packers & movers
3. Update status in Apnacomplex as ‘Non Resident’ in the flat moving out from. Remove from myGate

##### Tenant Transfer within Greenage:

1. Owner of Moving-out flat to first notify GOA office,  from registered mail ID in Apnacomplex, about the date of move-out and confirmation that any pending dues will be cleared by the owner.
2. Owner of Moving-in flat to send lease agreement to GOA office from registered email ID in Apnacomplex 
3. Tenant to submit the following documents to GOA office
* Completed Internal movement form 
* Lease Agreement for Moving-in flat
4. Pay transfer charges of Rs. 2500. Collect receipt and security pass for entry of packers & movers
5. De-register from Apnacomplex in the flat moving out from. Remove the flat from myGate app

##### Multi-Tenant flat with individual tenant transfer (flat continues to be occupied by other tenants)

1. Owner of the Moving-out flat to notify GOA office, from registered mail ID in Apnacomplex, about the date of move-out and confirmation that the flat continues to be occupied by other tenants.
2. Owner of Moving-in flat to send updated lease agreement to GOA office from registered email ID in Apnacomplex (if you are moving to unoccupied flat, please refer 3B)
3. Pay transfer charges of Rs. 2500. Collect receipt and security pass for entry of packers & movers. 
4. De-register from Apnacomplex in the flat moving out from. Remove the flat from myGate app

##### Next Steps after the internal movement process is complete

It is mandatory <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/registration/">to register on Apnacomplex first, followed by MyGate</a>. You can <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/stickers/"> change the parking stickers</a> to the Moving-in flat in GOA office. If the stickers are stolen or destroyed, resident will have to give an undertaking in writing about the lost stickers.  


**Important:** If the tenant moves out without completing move-out formalities, any pending dues will need to be cleared by the owner. Penalty will be levied against the flat for un-authroized move-out detected later.

GOA office contacts - 9.30AM - 1.30PM and 2.30PM - 6.00PM.  salarpuria-greenage+goaoffice@apnacomplex.com.  
Phone : 080-40984649.  
