---
layout: post
title:  "When and how to pay your bills"
author: Admin
categories: [Info]
image: assets/images/greenagepic6.jpg
comments: false
---

<p> All residents must be registered on Apnacomplex to receive the invoices raised by Greenage Owners Association via the Apnacomplex portal/app or to the registered email.</p>

<p>There are two kinds of dues to be paid:</p>
<ol>
<li> Maintenace dues - Invoiced quarterly and to be paid within 30 days</li> 
<li> Gas consumption dues - Invoiced monthy and payble on 5th of the following month</li>
</ol>

<p>Late payments <a target="_blank" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hOtaW-hPTwfQFSGuOPL2Kw0wNGawi366/view?usp=sharing">attract interest and will lead to withdrawal of maintenance services</a>. Pay attention to the due dates on the invoices.</p>

<p> Payments are accepted through multiple channels. You can choose any one of the following methods based on what is most convenient to you.</p>

##### Payment Gateway on Apnacomplex Porta/App

<p>You can make the payment directly in Apnacomplex portal or app in the My Financials/Payment section.</P>

<p>Credit will be immediate.</p>

Charges:
<ul>
<li>Net Banking - Rs. 21 + GST</li>
<li>Debit Card - 1.16% of Payment amount + GST</li>
<li>Credit Card - 2.18% of Payment amount + GST</li>
<li>UPI/Rupay Card - Free</li>
</ul>

##### Payment to Collection Gateway 

<p> Every apartment in Greenage has a seperate payee bank account that maps to their maintenance account in Apna complex.This account number will be mentioned on your invoice under 'Collection Gateway Account'. Register this account with your bank and transfer the bill amount by NEFT/IMPS. </p>

<p>Credit will be on same business day.</p>

<p>No Payment charges by Assocation (apart from the standard fees for NEFT/IMPS transfers)</p>

##### Payment to Greenage Owners Association Bank Account

<p>You can make payment through NEFT/IMPS transfer to Greenage Owners Association account. The account details will be mentioned on your invoice. You must submit the details of payment transcation on Apnacomplex portal. </p>

<p> Association office will validate this payment request against the bank credit and accept or reject the payments made. </p>

<p> Credit will be given after the payment is accepted by association office.
</p>

<p>No Payment charges by Assocation (apart from the standard fees for NEFT/IMPS transfers)</p>

##### Cheque

<p>You also can submit a cheque in association office. After the cheque amount is debited from your account, the details of payment transction must be submitted on Apnacomplex portal. Association office will validate this payment request against the bank credit and accept or reject the payments made. </P>

<p>Credit will be given after the payment is accepted by association office.</p>

<p>No Payment charges by Assocation</p>

##### POS Machine

<p> You can swipe your Credit/Debit cards on the POS machine avaliable in Association office at Alpine Block. You must submit the details of payment transcation on Apnacomplex portal. Association office will validate this payment request against the bank credit and accept or reject the payments made.</P>

Credit will be given after the payment is accepted by association office. 

Charges: 
<ul>
<li>Debit Card - 1.16% of Payment amount + GST</li>
<li>Credit Card - 2.16% of Payment amount + GST</li>
</ul>
