---
layout: post
title:  "Guide to get vehicle parking stickers"
author: Admin
categories: [Info]
image: assets/images/greenagepic8.jpg
comments: false
---

Any vehicle without a sticker, or with a worn-out sticker where the number is not fully visible, will be considered as an external vehicle. Penalties will be levied for parking such vehicles in the allotted parking lots in Greenage

##### Issue of New Vehicle Stickers

Each allocated parking lot in Greenage can have a maximum of 1 four-wheeler and 2 two-wheelers. If more parking lots are rented or bought, additional vehicles can be added, as per the limits above. 

You need to be <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/registration/"> registered on Apnacomplex</a> as owner/tenant of the residing flat to obtain vehicle stickers

Please take your vehicle to the GOA office in Alpine block (working hours mentioned below) 

Please bring the following documents :
1. Parking allotment letter
2. Original ID Proof
3. Authorization letter from the owner of the parking lot, or email from registered Apnacomplex ID, is required in case:
* There is no name on the parking allotment letter
* Name of the requester is different from the name on the Parking allotment letter (Tenants, family of owner, rented parking slots etc.)
* Another vehicle is already tagged to the parking lot

Provide your contact details (email Id and phone number) to the GOA office

GOA office will affix the new sticker to your vehicle. Old Greenage stickers, if any, will be removed

Sign in the register to acknowledge that you received the sticker 

Additional stickers allotted to the same requester against the same parking lot will not need any new documentation.

It is mandatory to return the old stickers to the GOA office when they are damaged or when they are no longer in use (sold vehicles, moving out, internal movements etc.). 

##### Replacement of lost or damaged vehicle stickers 

Please take your vehicle to the GOA office in Alpine block (working hours mentioned below) 

- Pay charges of  ₹ 50 to cover the cost of replacement of the sticker

- Provide your updated contact details (email Id and phone number) to the GOA office


GOA office will affix the new sticker to your vehicle. Old Greenage stickers, if any, will be removed

Sign in the register to acknowledge that you received the sticker 


GOA office contacts (9.30AM to 1.30PM and 2.30 to 6PM):  
salarpuria-greenage+goaoffice@apnacomplex.com.  
Phone : 080-40984649. Intercom: 111120  

